Private Policy Notice
Last Updated: October 5, 2021
This Notice explains how Koidra Inc. (“Koidra”, “we”, “our” or “us”) collect, store, use, disclose and otherwise process information about you in the course of our business, including through our websites that link to this Notice (such as, www.koidra.ai) (the “Sites”), our SaaS-based services and applications and through other means such as our partner’s events, sales and marketing activities. It also sets out more information about your privacy rights.
About us
Koidra Inc. is headquartered in Washington state. We provide the SaaS Service to our customers under an agreement with them and solely for their benefit and the benefit of their personnel and other personnel authorized by them as users of the Service (“Authorized Users”).
We recommend that you read this Privacy Notice to ensure you are fully informed.
1. Information we collect
When using the Sites, we may collect your name, email, postal address, phone number and other information you provide via the Sites when, for example, you submit inquiries, request more information about our services, complete surveys or, provide feedback about our services or register for sales events or marketing activities.
When you register to use our Service, we may collect your personal information (like name and contact details), professional and organizational profile information, such as title, department, and payment information. We may share such credit card information with our third-party service providers, including for payment and billing purposes.
When using the service, we collect certain data in the following instances:
Technical information, or data obtained from APIs, software or systems hosting the products and services and devices accessing these products and services, log files generated during such use;
Private Policy Notice 1
  Data and metadata about an Authorized Users, such as user ID, email
From time to time, we may obtain information about you from third party sources, such as public databases and websites, resellers and distributors, joint marketing or business partners, security and fraud detection firms and social media platforms. Examples of the information we may receive from other sources include: contact information from business partners with whom we collaborate; search results and links, including paid listings (such as sponsored links).
2. Third Party Applications
We may link to certain third-party websites and applications in our Service or on our Sites, such as Facebook. In those circumstances, the data we collect, use and share via the Sites or the Service will be subject to this Privacy Notice. However, your use of the third-party websites, applications and any information you instruct us to send to the third-party will be subject solely to the third-party’s terms and conditions and privacy notice, and will not be subject to any agreements you have with us or this Notice.
3. Use of Information We Collect
We use information collected via the Sites, our Service and through other means (e.g., in person) for purposes described in this Notice, including using your information to:
Operate, audit and improve our Sites, products and services;
Provide customer service and support;
Provide and facilitate the delivery of products and services you request;
Send you related information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, training and support and administrative messages;
Maintain your account;
Enhance security, monitor and verify identity or service access, combat fraud, spam, malware or other network and/or information security risks;
Detect bugs, report errors and perform activities to maintain the quality or safety of our services;
Conduct research and development;
Private Policy Notice 2

  Understand you and your preferences to enhance and personalize your experience and enjoyment when using our Sites, products and services;
Develop and send you marketing, sales and promotional communications (where this is in accordance with your marketing preferences);
Communicate with you about one of our events or our partner events, including webinars and demos;
Respond to your comments or questions or provide information requested by you;
Link or combine it with other personal information we get from third parties, to help understand your needs, provide you with better service and to prevent fraud;
Display and measure engagement with advertisements across different devices and sites;
Maintain legal and regulatory compliance;
Short-term, transient use, such as customizing content that we or our service providers display on the services; and
Process your information for other legitimate business purposes, such as customer surveys, data analysis, audits, collecting and assessing feedback, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns and to evaluate and improve our products, services, marketing and customer relationships.
We may store and process personal information in the United States and other countries.
4. Sharing of Personal Information
We do not share your personal information with third parties other than as follows: When you instruct us to do so;
With your consent, for example, when you agree to share your information with other third parties, consultants, and other service providers who work for us and need access to your information to do that work.
To comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process, to protect our rights and property and that of our agents, customers, members and others
Private Policy Notice 3

  including to enforce our agreements, policies and terms of use or in an emergency to protect the personal safety of any person;
In connection with or during negotiation of any business transfer, merger, financing, acquisition, or dissolution transaction or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
5. Security of Your Personal Information
We take all reasonable and appropriate steps to protect your personal information in an effort to prevent loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information. Our staff who may have access to your information are required to keep that information confidential.
6. International Data Transfers
Your personal information may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country, and in some cases, may not be as protective. Specifically, our website servers are located in the U.S. and we may process your information in Vietnam.
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Notice. We implement similar appropriate safeguards with our third-party service providers and further details can be provided upon request.
7. Data Retention and Deletion
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements, to enforce our agreements or comply with our legal obligations). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then
Private Policy Notice 4

we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing, until deletion is possible. When processing Customer Content on behalf of our customers, we will retain Customer Content for as long as our customer instructs us to and/or as required by applicable law.
8. Changes to this Notice
We may change this Notice from time to time. If we make any changes to this Notice, we will change the Last Updated date above. If such changes are material in nature, we will provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to the main website page or sending you an email notification).
9. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Notice or other privacy-related issues, please contact us at privacy@koidra.ai or Koidra Inc., 500 Yale Ave N - Suite 400, Seattle, WA 98109
